hello everyone I propose now
a little lesson to understand a little
little how can one move the queen
on a chessboard so are worth all of
open this file in which I
made a screenshot so here
you have the black queen and by
black pellets represent each
possible displacements of this queen
so the queen is the most
powerful of the game okay the queen can
Go forward go backward
go right to go left
move diagonally we advance in
cooing the number of boxes that we
therefore wishes to agree to this m
rule in application I propose you
to open chisty time and simulate a
part so I'm going to play with the
whites and I would basically move
the queen okay
so I'll start by clearing
godmother then here is the white queen
who is here and here is the black queen
alright I remember one thing in the beginning
of each part the rules must be
on their colors that is to say that the
black queen and on a dark king box
and the white queen and on a square
clerck the white ok so I
moved for example this pawn to do of
power
disengage godmother and yet move her
so before moving this pawn we have a
very interesting option in the gisti
time this option finds him
by the way in many games
chess
it's the valid cost display so
so we will go away option show the
movements valida okay and so that's
allows beginners to know well
what are the shots that we can play
on the left so I'm going to launch for example
this one in order to move
godmother who is there so here is the queen
I click here nothing a little bit
possible displacements are
models of agreement so I can not
move forward because I'll know if I can
not go right because I have the
left wheel drive left because I have the
crazy and I can not go on this
diagonal because I support okay
so for example I will come here
ok my opponent moved his rider
so if I click on the arena here all
the possible displacements of agreement in
front behind left to right pardon
left and so on et cetera on
diagonals etc etc
okay so I can possibly
take this pawn I will not do it
because otherwise godmother is going to be at the
thank you for this pawn but that I can
possibly also take this pawn
but I will not do it why
because I am at the mercy of the king
adverse or crazy or also of art
is anyway so I'm going by
example of coming here
so even harel here she is here all
displacements possible to send kahn
has a lot so right to left in
to have a back when backward choice
because jesus pawns and on the diagonal
okay so I'll come for example
here so I can I position myself
so you can take the tower here
so my opponent defended his tower
advancing his pieces
okay he advanced his pawns and at if
I can not take the tower anymore
so I click here on the arena
the possible displacements
I will come here look a little bit
ate the opponent's pawn and come back
eat the opposing pawn I'm going to put the
opposing king in check
indeed when marc raynaud is going to be here
I can I will be able to eat
the opposing king okay so this is it
I'll do right now
failure
you see mahogany wants to go
but their failures my opponent has
defended his king by positioning here the
Queen to cool and agree
so I can not take the king anymore
can possibly take his red for
if I take this reindeer I sacrifice the
mine why because he goes all of
next come eat godmother with his king
alright i'm going to decide for example from
come eat his hat and there
ok so here several solutions I can
come eat riders agree a
little bit if I go to eat jumpers
good opponent will come back to eat
godmother with his king
I can come for example to eat his
pawns everything i'm going to do
I will continue to move godmother
so obviously in a part
chess we do not always move the same
piece but here I move
basically the queen for good you
explain what are the displacements
possible then always the same for the
queen back and forth on the
diagonals right on the left so here
I have several possibilities
I can come eat the rider who is
here but if I do it I would do myself
to eat godmother by the opposing king I
can come to eat this pawn but I
will also eat my godmother here and
here I can come eat this pawn without
nothing to fear from my opponent
if I eat the fool here I will make myself
eat by this rider who moves in
are you remember 1 2 3 okay so
I mean for example like to eat this
plan what stupidity
obviously I will not think I have not
pay attention to the opponent who had
his pure there came to eat here so what
be it to sum up the queen can
move forward right back
left on the diagonals of the number of
boxes that we wish
I thank you